[FLINK-31081][Documentation] Updating Jira Dashboard links to point to the #Issue-tracker (#625)
apache/flink-web: docs/content/getting-help.md

## Found a Bug?

> If you observe an unexpected behavior that might be caused by a bug, you can search for reported bugs or file a bug report in [Flink's JIRA]({{< relref "community#issue-tracker" >}}).

Reviewer: This one also exist in the Chinese version.

> If you observe an unexpected behavior that might be caused by a bug, you can search for reported bugs or file a bug report in [Flink's JIRA](https://flink.apache.org/community.html#issue-tracker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you observe an unexpected behavior that might be caused by a bug, you can search for reported bugs or file a bug report in [Flink's JIRA]({{< relref "community#issue-tracker" >}}).
```
I guess using the hugo references would be a better approach here because we are less reliant on the domain. WDYT?
